What is a binary tree and what makes it unique to other trees?
A.  A binary tree consists of nodes that point to a higher number with the right arm and a lower number with the left arm and may only have up to two nodes. 

What is a heuristic?
A. A heuristic is a guess that an algorithm will make in order to solve a complex problem quickly.

What is another problem besides the shortest-path problem that requires the use of heuristics?
A. Using simple math rounding when grocery shopping to estimate how much you are spending could be considered using heuristics. 

What is the difference between a depth-first search and a breadth-first search?
A. Depth-first search will travel down a single branch first. If the desired element isn't found, it will start back at the top and search the next branch. 
    A breadth-first search will search an entire row of nodes before continuing to the next row to find the desired element.

Explain in your own words what an undirected, a-cyclic, unweighted graph is.
A.  An undirected, a-cyclic, unweighted graph would designate that the node connections are ambigious (no indicated start and stop locations), that the connections
do not form a loop, and that there are not any associated weights with the node connections.

What kind of graph is a binary search tree?
A.  Directed, A-cyclic, unweighted


Programming Questions

Given a Binary Search Tree and a value, write a function that checks to see whether the value exists within the tree.
Example: The value 10 exists in the tree. The value 23 does not exist in the tree.
A.  set current node = root
    while current node not equal to search data
        if current node  greater than search data
            go to left tree
        else
            go to right tree
        endif
        if current equals null
            return not found
        endif
    endwhile
    return current

Given a Binary Search Tree and two nodes, n1 and n2, write a function that finds the distance between the two nodes.
Example: The distance between the nodes 4 and 10 is 4. The distance between the nodes 8 and 10 is 1. The distance between the nodes 1 and 14 is 4.
    A.      set temp variable equal to root
            call count function with node1 returning path count
            call count function with node2 returning path count
            add path counts

            FUNCTION call(node) 
                if node not equal to root       
                    while current node greater than or equal to root    
                        node = current node
                        current node = previous node
                        count +=1
                    endwhile
                endif
                return count
            end function